Setting: Weal Law Associates Offices
Doug: “Ugh… I guess I’ll have to deal with Mr. Stupid Fancy Morgan Pants again.”
Jade: “This guy really got on your nerves, didn’t he?”
Doug: “He and his boss Goldie both. I don’t like these people who think they’re better than everyone else because of their status.”
Jade: “Arrogance is for the depraved.”
Doug: “Says the genius.”
Jade: “Hey, I’m not that bad, right?”
Doug: “You know I’m just messing with you.”
Jade: “Oh, right, of course.”
Doug: “Riiiight. Anyway, Morgan’s right over there.”
*Morgan enters.*
Doug: “Hey! What’s up Mr. Fancy Pants?”
Morgan: “Oh, Mr. Ventose.”
Morgan: “And you have brought an additional guest with you. Lovely.”
Morgan: “It’s a… pleasure having you in our establishment once more. May I ask for what purpose you have graced us with your presence?”
Doug: “Chatty as ever, I see.”
Jade: “I assume my associate informed you of this the last time he visited, but a cat is dead, and, as is usually the case, things have not changed on that front.”
Doug: Ooh, Jade speaks his language. 
Jade: “And so we must ask you again, with greater force this time, if you know anything at all about the circumstances of Mr. Previse’s demise.” 
Morgan: “Listen… Mister? Miss?”
Jade: “No need for such petty formalities. You will call me Jade, and that is all you need to know.”
Doug: Yeah! You go, Jade! 
Morgan: “You two really are such a nuisance. Why must I exert myself and waste my precious time dealing with the likes of a buffoon and a stalwart actor?”
Doug: “Have you forgotten about the whole thing about one of your employees dying already?”
Morgan: “No, Mr. Previse, though I’m astonished you still do. Bravo.”
Doug: Grr… you *bark* rat…
Doug: “*sigh* Just tell us what you know, already. I don’t want to be talking to you any more than you want to be talking to me.”
Morgan: “That is a fair assertion.”
Morgan: “You both are aware of Mr. Previse’s issues in dealing with his chocolate addiction, correct?”
Jade: “Even you know about that?”
Morgan: “Well of course I do. This company must always be aware of the issues our employees are having.”
Morgan: “In any case, I am baffled that you have not already made this Thomas Confetto character you primary suspect. He is the dominant supplier of chocolate in the area, after all.”
Morgan: “Listen, I shall deign to give you a piece of evidence that has been found during my firm’s investigations on Mr. Confetto.”
Doug: “You have a piece of evidence that even the police doesn’t?”
Jade: “My companion is correct. Such a statement is difficult to fathom.”
Morgan: “You both ought to be aware of how significant a business I am in control of. It is only natural that a great deal of compelling information would fall into my lap at some point or other.”
Doug: “Just get to the point and tell us what it is.”
Morgan: “No need to be so rude, Mr. Ventose.”
Morgan: “Despite your boorish behavior, I shall even give you the evidence.”
Morgan: “Here you are. This is the tie which Mr. Confetto must have been wearing when he killed Mr. Previse.”
Morgan: “It was found earlier today in a garbage disposal near Mr. Previse’s home. As is quite evident, it is absolutely soaked red, and it is the specific type of tie which Mr. Confetto is consistently sporting.”
Morgan: “Here you are. Take the tie and run along someplace else.”