Doug: “I know who killed Norm!”
Tom: “Oh really? That’s just *bark* lovely.” 
Tom: “And who might it be? I would KILL to know who it was…”
Doug: Alright! Come on, Doug, it’s now or never.
Doug: “You are the killer, Tom!” 
Doug: “Just finding chocolate at the scene of the crime wasn’t be enough to get you behind bars, so we had to dig a little deeper.”
Doug: “We found out about your secret underground passages located around the city, and found some very interesting things inside of them…”
Doug: “You know, it’s funny…”
Doug: “You tried so hard to throw us off of the trail by not killing with a chocolate overdose and leaving that trail of red ink that led to the police department, but it wasn’t enough to throw off this ace detective.”
Doug: “To respond to that first attempt, that red ink in the passage proves that you or one of your associates committed the crime, not anybody else.”
Doug: “As far as that second very red herring goes, it was clear that nobody had actually gone in or out of the police station exit for a long time with all of the dust that had accumulated there, so the person who left that ink clearly came to The Sultry Saloon.”
Doug: “Now, you may be saying to yourself, ‘But Doug, that ain’t enough to convict me for certain,’ and you’d be right.”
Doug: “But it is more than enough evidence to bring you in as a top suspect for the case, and compare your DNA to what was found at the scene of the crime.”
Doug: “And even if that fails, I’m sure that, at this very moment, the police are finding plenty of evidence in your passages of the many crimes you’ve committed in the past.”
Doug: So that last part was a bluff, but I feel like it really puts the cherry on top of the justice sundae, you know?
Doug: “Basically, it’s over Tom. Justice sure is sweet, ain’t it”?”
Tom: “Ha ha…” 
Tom: “Ha ha ha.” 
Tom: “HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!”
Jade: “You broke him, Doug. I sincerely hope you made the right choice here.”
Tom: “HA ha ha ha…” 
Tom: “...ha ha. Oh, whew.” 
Tom: “This has to be the funniest thing that’s ever happened to me in my life.” 
Tom: “I spend decades building my impeccable chocolate empire…” 
Tom: “Only to have it destroyed by a detective who fumbled his way into investigating a murder that I messed up.” 
Tom: “You got me, kid. I killed Norm.”
Doug: I did it~ I did it~ Oh yeah, I did it~ 
Tom: “That little *bark* was going to rat on me to the cops.” 
Tom: “I had him under my paw ever since I got him addicted to my stuff, but I guess he finally got to the point where he was fed up with me.” 
Tom: “I got so mad at him for suddenly changing like that, so I killed him in the heat of the moment instead of with my typical careful overdose.” 
Tom: “I tried and succeeded in throwing the cops off of the scent, but they had a secret weapon… A stupid dog and his foxy friend.”
Tom: “We-heh-ell…” 
Tom: “It’s your big day, kid.”
*Tom puts his hands together, ready to be handcuffed.* 
Tom: “Bring this old mutt in.”
Jade: “I can’t believe it… You did it, Doug.”
*click*
*Tom is now in handcuffs.* 
Doug: “Was there ever any doubt?”
Doug: “Time to teach this old dog some new tricks… in jail, that is.”
Jade: “*sigh* A jokester to the end…”