Doug: “Jade.”
Jade: “Finally you start talking. It feels as though you’ve been silent for ages given how chatty you normally are.”
Jade: “What do you want to do now, detective?”
Doug: “Well, I am very afraid to do what I am about to.”
Jade: “Huh? What are you talking about?”
Doug: “Jade…”
Doug: “I’m the culprit. I killed Norm.”
Jade: “Woah, Doug, that isn’t a very good joke. You shouldn’t--”
Doug: “Stop. It’s no…”
*You exhale deeply.*
Doug: “It is no joke.”
Jade: “What are you talking about? Why would you, the big-time detective, do something like that?”
Doug: “I’m no big-time detective, Jade, and you should know that better than anyone.”
Doug: “I’ve been waiting so long - my entire life, really - to get a big case.”
Doug: “But my ticket to sleuthing fame never came, and so I wanted to make a big case for myself.”
Doug: “I decided that I was going to kill someone, ‘solve’ the murder case, and become a famous detective like I had always wanted.”
Doug: “I thought back to see if there was anyone that, if they died, no one would really care.”
Doug: “I wanted to be a killer, but I thought that I should at least go for an unimportant, uncared for individual.”
Doug: “Soon enough, I thought back to high school and to Norm Previse.”
Doug: “I remembered how much of a sad sack he was, how little anyone ever spoke to him, and how terrible he was at practically everything.”
Doug: “He seemed like the perfect target.”
Doug: “I just waltzed right into his house, stabbed him, and went on my merry, murdering way.”
Doug: “I thought I would wait a couple days before coming out of nowhere and solving the case by framing Tom or Morgan or whoever, but, to my surprise, the chief quickly offered me the case.”
Doug: “Since then, I’ve been gallivanting around pretending to look for the answers to a murder I know better than anyone else.”
Jade: “Doug… I would never had thought that you had this in you…”
Doug: “It took me a long time to get to this point, but I finally decided to just… get what I wanted for myself.”
Jade: “Doug… You do realize how terrible this all is, don’t you?”
Doug: “I… I don’t think I really do.”
Doug: “I think I’ve just been putting off that realization. There have been times during this investigation that I’ve even forgotten that I was the actual murderer all along.”
Jade: “I can’t believe this… Doug, I had no idea how unwell you are.”
Doug: “Maybe I am, but what can I do about it? For now, I was thinking of--”
Jade: “Shut up!!”
Doug: “Huh?”
Jade: “Stop talking like this you *bark* *meow* *woof* idiot.”
Jade: “My goodness, you’ve started acting like some sort of crazed serial killer.”
Jade: “Stop being stupid and start acting like your usual goofy, heroic, determined… stupid self again!”
Doug: “Ha… Ha ha ha ha ha…”
Doug: “You’re right! I’m just a goofy detective who… who…”
Doug: “...made the biggest mistake of his life.”
Jade: “And there it is. Sorry, the realization must suck.”
Jade: “I think you realize what you have to do, don’t you?”
*You look down.*
Doug: “You know… one of the ten classic rules of murder mysteries - the seventh, in fact - is that the detective should not be the culprit.”
*You look up, tears in your eyes.”
Doug: “*sniff* Does that mean I was never *sniff* really the detective here?”
Jade: “That doesn't matter, Doug.”
Jade: “Being famous, being like those fake, old detectives… None of it matters.”
Jade: “You are Doug Ventose, my friend, and you will bring justice down upon the culprit of this case, even if it costs you.”
Doug: “*sniff* Yeah.”
Doug: “I am a super cool ace detective, and nobody will ever be able to take that away from me now.”