Doug: “I can’t believe I’m saying this, chief, but I have some very bad news for you.”
Doug: “News that I really wish wasn’t true…”
Chief Punctum: “Wha-- Doug, what are you getting at?!”
Doug: “Every single piece of evidence points to Tom being the person who murdered Norm.”
Doug: “In fact, everything points to it being Tom so much that I know it can’t be him…”
Doug: ‘There’s only one person it can be…”
Doug: “You. The chief…”
Jade: “Oh, no… Doug…”
Doug: “Those white hairs at the crime scene could be from Tom, but they’re probably from you, and that can be tested for.”
Doug: “The police station exit of Norm’s secret passage was wiped absolutely clean of any evidence, but only that part was wiped, so someone must have wanted to make sure that the evidence pointed to Tom and not them. Everyone knows you hate Tom, chief.”
Doug: “And for the final nail in your coffin, Norm’s body was able to disappear and reappear almost magically, and Police Chief Punctum is the only person who could have pulled something like that off.”
Doug: “Did you finally snap? Did you want to frame Tom for a murder he didn’t do?”
Chief Punctum: “Ace, please…”
Doug: “You had to pull me into things, however. If you had brought Tom in, that would have attracted too much unwanted attention, so you had to trick me into doing it for you.”
Doug: “And here we are.”
Doug: “Why would you do this, chief…?”
*You feel the stares of everyone in the station eyeing you and the chief.*
Doug: “...”
Chief Punctum: “*Meow* it all… I guess even a rookie can beat a master sometimes. You got me.”
Chief Punctum: “Norm contacted me not long ago saying that he wanted to rat out on Sweet Tooth, and so I met him at his house.”
Chief Punctum: “He was afraid, though, so he had conditions - many, many conditions - all of which he was writing down.”
Chief Punctum: “After a while of just hearing him ask for so many protections, and groaning about everything he’s gone through, I started to get annoyed.”
Chief Punctum: “Before I knew what I was doing, I had gotten into an argument with him, and I… I…”
Chief Punctum: “I killed Norm Previse.”
*The room starts being filled with hushed murmurs of confusion and accusation.*
Chief Punctum: “It wasn’t on purpose! I got angry at him, and he started waving around the pen he was holding.”
Chief Punctum: “I tried to take the pen away from him, but apparently I tried way too forcefully…”
Chief Punctum: “Since it was an accident, and I didn’t want to waste away in jail, I thought I might as well frame Tom for it so that an actual evildoer would be convicted for it.”
Chief Punctum: “But, like you said, I had to get you to bring him in.”
Chief Punctum: “I’m sorry, everyone.”
Chief Punctum: “I’m so sorry, Ace…”