Doug: I think that’s just about every piece of evidence there is to find here.
Doug: The chocolate and stuff I found make for good starting points of an investigation.
Doug: I should talk to the chief so I can start thinking about possible suspects.
Doug: “Hey chief, I think I’ve found almost everything that I need to start analyzing what happened here.”
Chief Punctum: “Yup, you sure left no bone unturned here, didn’t you?”
Doug: “So, the next thing I’d imagine I have to start handling are suspects and people who know what might have happened here.”
Chief Punctum: “You’re on the right track there, Ace. Is there anything I can do to help?”
Doug: “Well, since that blood actually turned out to be ink, I was trying to think about where that much ink could have come from.”
Doug: “Could you tell me where it was that Norm worked?”
Chief Punctum: “Ah yes, the deceased’s place of work.”
Chief Punctum: “He worked for KT Corporation, that ridiculous company that owns so much of this city.”
Chief Punctum: “Specifically, he worked for their law division, Weal Law Associates. Apparently, they hired the kitten straight out of high school.”
Doug: “Well, for something as big as a murder, I think I better go straight to the top and  see if the big boss animal knows anything.”
Chief Punctum: “Um… You sure about that, Ace? You could just talk to whoever knew him best…”
Doug: “Nope. This is a great opportunity to go right to the top and see if anything shady was going down at the company.”
Chief Punctum: “Ha ha, you’re really thinking big there, Ace. Just make sure you don’t get in over your head, and always keep your wits about you.”
Chief Punctum:  “You can’t let these people push you around, but you don’t want to make too many enemies either.”
Doug: “Thanks for the advice, chief. Got anything else I should know?”
Chief Punctum:“Don’t forget about that chocolate you found here. You must know how bad a drug chocolate is and how that vile Confetto runs the sweets business with an iron paw.”
Chief Punctum: “So you may want to investigate him too, but be very careful. He isn’t as sweet as he might appear.”