Setting: The Sultry Saloon
Doug: Wow, I know that this place is a secret front for a chocolate business, but it’s even more shady than I had imagined.
Doug: And now that I’ve walked in, everyone’s staring at me…
Doug: Oh no! How will I know which one is the infamous Sweet Tooth?
Doug: I’ve never seen him before...
???: “We-heh-ell looks like we got a new customer here, folks.”
???: “You probably already know who I am, don’tcha?”
???: “Aw, but I shouldn’t be rude to our new guest, right fellas?”
Tom: “The name’s Thomas Ridgewell Confetto, but you can call me Tom.”
Tom: “It’s a pleasure to make ya acquaintance, buddy. What’s your name?”
Doug: I’m not sure if I should be relaxed or really freaked out…
Doug: Calm down, Doug. Just act cool…
Doug: “We-heh-heh-heh-ell my name is Doug, and that’s what you can call me, fella.”
Doug: “It’s my first time here, but it’s nice to see that you are all so inviting.”
Tom: “Ha ha, you’re a funny one aren’tcha? Ain’t he just the funniest?” 
Tom: “So Doug, most people who come into this establishment they… well…” 
Tom: “...they know what they’re looking for.” 
Tom: “So what are you looking for today?”
Doug: “I’m looking for some answers, Tom.”
Doug: “An old buddy of mine, Norm... He was found dead earlier.”
Doug: “I’d really like to know what happened to the poor guy, and I know he used to come around here sometimes.”
Doug: “Did you happen to know him?”
Tom: “Hm…” 
Tom: “Well of course I knew him! Norm was a good buddy of mine too, you know?”  
Tom: “It’s too bad he never introduced us to one another. I’m sure we could have all been great friends.”
Tom: “I am really sorry to hear about his passing, though. It’s such a shame when you lose good people like that.”
Doug: “It really is, huh? Would you happen to know what it was that did him in?” 
Tom: “Me? Oh no, I’d never EVER get myself involved in any funny business like that. I have no idea what could have killed the poor guy.”
Tom: “If I hear anything, though, I’ll be sure to letcha know all about it.”
Doug: “Thank you very much for that.” 
Tom: “Oh, and one last thing there, Doug.”
Doug: “What is it, Tom?”
Tom: “I know you’re a private eye - I know all the private eyes in this city - so if I catch you snooping around and invading my personal privacy, well…”  
Tom: “It ain’t gonna be pretty.”  
Tom: “Especially if I see that rude police chief with you.”  
Tom: “You got that?”
Doug: “Oh, yes sir. I don’t want to bother you or anything.” 
Tom: “Good, good. You seem like a nice kid, Doug. I’ll see you around.”
Doug: “See you around.”
*You start leaving.*
Doug: Wow, that got pretty scary towards the end there.
Doug: He was so nice at first, I almost forgot that he’s a crime lord.
Doug: And I don’t think I got answers to any real questions.
Doug: Anyway, that dog is definitely suspicious, and I have to be careful around him.
Doug: Time to move on with this investigation.
