Setting: Weal Law Associates Offices
Doug: So this is where Norm worked, huh?
Doug: These are some pretty fancy offices. Along with his nice house, it’s pretty clear that Norm was doing quite well for himself.
Doug: Anyway, time to talk to the boss.
Doug: “Excuse me, who’s in charge around here?”
Morgan: “Good day to you, sir. My name is Morgan Evetta, and I am, as you say, ‘in charge’ of Weal Law Associates.”
Morgan: “If you require our services, you need not speak with me.”
Morgan: “Had you done even the slightest bit of research, you would know that our law firm is reserved for members of the KT Corporation.”
Morgan: “I have never seen you before, and thus doubt that you work for the company.”
Morgan: “With that, I must request you leave the premises.”
Doug: “Wait just a second there, Mr. Fancy Pants.”
Doug: “My name is Doug Ventose, and I am investigating a possible murder case. A murder you should be very interested in.” 
Doug: “One of your employees, Norm Previse, seems to have been killed earlier today, and so I must ask you some questions.”
Morgan: “Indeed, I am well aware of the current status of Mr. Previse, and the situation is very regrettable.”
Morgan: “Your deplorable outfit indicates that you do not work for the police, however.”
Morgan: “As such, I must once again request that you leave. We already have our own private investigators looking into the case.”
Doug: “You must really want me gone, don't you?”
Doug: “I’ll have you know that Police Chief Damina Punctum herself asked me to help with this case.”
Doug: “So whether you like it or not, I’m here to stay.” 
Morgan: “How bothersome.”
Morgan: “Very well. It’s best not to hinder an investigation on behalf of the police. Tell me, Mr. Ventose, what can I do for you at the moment?”
Doug: “How well did you know Norm?”
Morgan: “Well, he worked for me, not I for him, so I would say that I payed very little attention to his character.”
Morgan: “He did what he was told, and so his work at this firm continued, unfettered yet unpromoted, until his presumed demise.”
Doug: “Alright. And do you know anything about how Norm died?”
Morgan: “No.”
Doug: Wow, that’s probably the shortest sentence he’s ever said in his life.
Doug: “No suspicious activity or anything…?”
Morgan: “Not to my knowledge.”
Morgan: “Now, if we are done here Mr. Ventose, I have a great deal of more imperative business to attend to. Farewell.”
Doug: “Uh… Yes, that is it for now. I may be back later…”
Doug: “Aaand he’s gone already…”
Doug: Morgan was definitely not the most pleasant person to talk to, but I’m sure he knows way more than he’s letting on.
Doug: He’s apparently an adept and intelligent lawyer, so I’ll have to be careful whenever I speak to him again.
Doug: I’m not looking forward to it…
Doug: For now, let me just move onto the next task for the day.