Setting: Outside Norm’s House
Doug: Oh look, it’s Jade!
Doug: The Watson to my Sherlock has finally made their entrance.
Doug: “Jade! You’re finally here!”
Doug: “I’m so glad to have you by my side while solving this epic case because it’s a murder and I’ve never gotten a case this big and you’re super smart and I’m awesome and I’ve met all these people and--”
Jade: “Woah, calm down, boy. Deep breaths.” 
Doug: “Whew… I just got really excited.”
Jade: “I’m excited to be here too. I surely hope that I can lend my abilities to help in solving this incident.” 
Doug: “Yes, right… Speaking of lending your abilities, there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you.”
Jade: “We haven’t even spoken about the murder yet. What could be troubling you already?”
Doug: “Well… you see… I’m kind of embarrassed asking this, but, do you remember Norm from high school?”
Jade: “Yes, of course…” 
Jade: “Oh, I see where this is going… You don’t remember Norm, do you?” 
Jade: “Have you been pretending that you remembered his name this whole time?”
Doug: “Maybe…”
Doug: “I… er… Hey, I mean, the name sounded kinda familiar… um… after I started saying it enough and all…”
Jade: “Smooth talking right there, Doug. I hope you’ve been doing a better job at chatting with the suspects in this investigation.”
Doug: “I’ve been the smoothest talker, thank you very much. You just flustered me.”
Jade: “Anyway, some of this information should be bundled in with what I sent you, but let’s go over it so that we’re all on the same page.” 
Jade: “I , for one, remember Norm very well, and he was something of an oddity at our school.” 
Jade: “He was quite a kind fellow and worked very hard, but none of that ever payed off for him. Norm was a terrible student.” 
Jade: “He would consistently fail out of classes, and struggled even with the remedial coursework that had been thrust upon him.” 
Jade: “I believe the only subject he passed regularly was physical education.”
Doug: “Wait a second… A bulky cat who was nice, but a terrible student? I do know him.”
Doug: “He was in a few of my classes!”
Jade: “Good to see that a little bit of blood is still pumping somewhere inside that thick skull of yours.”
Doug: Ouch… Don’t be so cruel. I think I need something to heal that burn…
Doug: “Come on, Jade. Anyway, that creates more questions than it answers.”
Doug: “If Norm was that bad a student, then how did he get a job at a big time law firm?”
Jade: “I’ve been asking myself that very question. I’ve looked into the matter and have discovered a couple of surprising pieces of information about that.” 
Jade: “Norm was hired right out of high school, and by the head honcho himself, Morgan Evetta.”
Doug: “I don’t care if he was offering me all the dog treats in the world. There’s no way I’d take a job from that ice cold rat.”
Doug: “Was Norm really that desperate?”
Jade: “Even if he wasn’t, look at his assets.” 
Doug: Oh, so you’re into the muscular type, Jade.
Jade: “This is a pretty nice place for someone who’s only been working a few years.”
Doug: Oh, right, those kinds of assets.
Jade: “It’s possible Norm wanted the money, regardless of the working conditions.”
Doug: “Very true…”
Doug: “That’s enough discussion for now. We should probably get to the crime scene while things are still fresh.”
Doug: “With our minds put together, we might notice something that both the police and I missed before.”
Jade: “Aw, how sweet. You think I’m a better detective than you, and you just don't want to admit it.”
Jade: “It’s okay, Doug. You know you can tell me.”
Doug: “Well would you look at that. You’ve let everything get to your head so much, there isn't any room left for your brain.
Doug: Take that, Jade. I am the master of burns today!
Jade: “Ha ha, very funny. You know I was just kidding.”
Jade: “Let’s actually get to the scene of the crime, shall we?”