Setting: Doug’s Office
Doug: “I can’t believe we haven’t caught the killer yet.”
Doug: “It feels like I could just stretch my paw out and reach them with how hot on their trail we are.”
Jade: “Doug… You’re my best friend…”
Jade: “You know that, right?”
Doug: “Of course, Jade. You don’t have to remind me of that in the middle of a murder investigation, though.”
Doug: “You’ll always be my best friend!”
Jade: “...”
Jade: “There’s something that I have to tell you.”
Doug: “Jade… I’m not stupid.”
Jade: “What…? That’s not what I was--”
Doug: “I know. I know it was you who killed Norm.”
Jade: “Wha… How long have you known?”
Doug: “I realized a little while ago, but the exact time doesn’t matter.”
Doug: “I’ve just been waiting patiently until you told me.”
Doug: “That’s what friends do, right? Patiently await their friends’ confessions of having killed someone? It must happen all the time.”
Jade: “Doug… Ha ha… Ha ha ha ha ha…”
Jade: “You try to be funny to the very end.”
Jade: “Well, I owe you an explanation, at least.”
Doug: “I would appreciate it, if you don’t mind.”
Jade: “Recently, I had thought back to our time in high school and remembered a lot about Norm.”
Jade: “I mostly recalled just how sad he was, and so I decided to go talk to him and see what had become of him.”
Jade: “He spoke to me quite candidly about his time being put down by Tom and Morgan.”
Jade: “It was like high school had never ended for him. The bullies just became drug dealers and prosecutors.”
Jade: “It.. enraged me to see him so resigned to his fate.”
Jade: “So I started yelling and yelling and…”
Jade: “We got into a fight. Norm could have easily beaten me, but he held back while I, a newbie to fighting, did not know how.”
Jade: “With pure adrenaline in my veins, I picked up one of the pens on his desk and… blindly thrust it forward as hard as I could…”
Jade: “And he died… *sniff*”
Jade: “He died smiling at me, *sniff* as though he had forgiven me for killing him before he had even died.”
Doug: “Jade… I’m so sorry…”
Doug: “That’s terrible, but it wasn’t your fault. You didn’t want to kill him.”
Jade: “Yeah, but… I still did.”
Jade: “What do I do, Doug…? What do I do?”