Setting: Weal Law Associates Offices
Doug: “Oh, Mr. Fancy Pants!”
Doug: “We’ve got a few questions for you!”
Morgan: “You insufferable canine. What are you doing here again?”
Jade: “Insufferable canine and company, thank you very much.”
Morgan: “I have vision enough to see that, fox.”
Morgan: “What is it that you need of me this time? I have already told you that I am unaware of the circumstances surrounding Mr. Previse’s current situation.”
Doug: “That may be true, but you knew a lot about Norm when he was around at the very least.”
Jade: “You hired him before he even had the chance to complete high school. It would appear as though you had a profound connection with that feline.”
Morgan: “The hiring practices of Weal Law Associates are not disclosed to the public. I am afraid that I shall be of little use in answering questions which I am not allowed to disclose.”
Morgan: “And besides, is it not yet obvious to you who the killer is?”
Morgan: “I am already staring them right in the face…”
Morgan: “Jade Heimdall.”
Doug: “What did you just say?!”
Jade: “You’re actually accusing someone you just met of murder?”
Jade: “That lacks a certain amount of tact, does it not?”
Doug: Wow, Jade really is amazing under pressure. They barely look annoyed right now.
Morgan: “Pardon me, but I find myself being less polite while in the presence of someone who has taken a life.”
Jade: “My, my, it seems you are quite the preposterous man, Mr. Evetta. Doug did not warn me of this.”
Jade: “Do tell, what evidence is there that prove I am murderer?”
Morgan: “Well, I ought not tell such things to you, but rather to your friend, the actual sleuth.”
Morgan: “Mr. Ventose, where was Heimdall when you visited me last?”
Doug: “Does it matter? They said they were busy, and that’s that!”
Morgan: “If you choose to believe them, then you are even more of a fool than I had first believed.”
Morgan: Then what of this, Mr. Ventose? Mr. Previse spoke a number of times during his time here about Heimdall.”
Morgan: “The things he had to say were less than pleasant.”
Doug: “Come on, Morgan. Is that all you got.”