???: On that day - the day that would signal the start of my greatest case yet - I had been sitting in my dark office for a long while.
???: It’d been some time since I’d last gotten any sort of work, and even longer since I last caught a whiff of anything big.
???: All of that would soon change when that day brought me the biggest case of my career.
???: Though many different possible outcomes could have arisen from that caper, in the end, there is only ever one outcome to every situation.
???: I had no idea how far-reaching the effects of that crime would be, but I would soon learn…
???: … and things would never be the same.
Setting: Doug's Office
Doug: My name is Doug Ventose; Doug to some, Super Cool Ace Detective to others.
Doug: Well... only one person actually calls me Ace, but it just sounds so cool, you know?
Doug: I’ve always known that I’d become a Private Eye someday and, just a few months ago, that dream actually came true!
Doug: So now, I fight crime and capture criminals with the help of my super-genius sidekick Jade, and I’m having the time of my life.
Doug: Well… I would be if I actually had a case…
Doug: It’s reeeeaaaalllly boring to be a detective when there’s no snooping to do.
Doug: But at least you can always look forward to that moment when someone bursts through your door and tells you that you got a case.
Doug: …
Doug: …
Doug: Oh, come on… 
Doug: Someone is supposed to bust in here right as I think that.
Doug: Real life isn’t as cool as detective stories, I suppose…
*Several hours later…*
Doug: Aaaaaand…
Doug: Now!
Doug: No? Aw…
Doug: How about…
Doug: …
Doug: Now!!
*The door flies open*
Doug: I knew it! I’m SO good at this.
???: “I got a case for you, my top dog!”
Doug: This is Damina, or, as most people know her, Chief Punctum.
Doug: She’s in charge of the police in this city, but she… isn’t quite what you’d expect from a veteran enforcer of the law.
Doug: Remember how I said that only one person ever calls me Ace? Well you’re looking at her.
Doug: She’s pretty silly and tries to make jokes (and puns… oh, the puns…) whenever she can. I think it’s just to keep her officers upbeat and happy when they have to deal with all these terrible crimes every day.
Doug:  Still, nobody has as awesome a track record as the chief, and I certainly can’t complain with how much she’s helped me out lately. 
Doug: “Yesss!! *ahem* I mean… What can I do you for today, chief? You know I’ve always got a full plate of evildoers to deal with.”
Chief Punctum: “Don’t toy with me, Ace. Especially not when I have the biggest surprise of your life here for you.”
Doug: “Really? Oh! Oh! What is it?”
Chief Punctum: “No need to beg for your treats today, old pal. You ever hear of one Norm Previse before? Apparently he went to high school with you.”
Doug: “Yeah… I know him… definitely... What’s the problem?”
Chief Punctum: “He’s dead. We’re pretty stumped, and, since you knew the guy, I was thinking you could help us sniff out the killer.”
Doug: “A murder case?! Awesome! Chief, thank you so much; I’ve always wanted to tackle a case this big!”
Doug: “Oh, and, uh… It’s really sad that he died and all.”
Chief Punctum: “Now, now, Ace. I know you’re really excited and all, but I’m really expecting you to be a major asset on this case. Be sure to do your best.”
Doug: “I will, chief. I promise. You know I always want to be the best detective I can.”
Chief Punctum: “I know that, buddy. Anyways, the address is 14 Gald Road, Norm’s house. Head over there as soon as you can.”
Doug: “Will do!”
*Damina Leaves*
Doug: Now to get into contact with Jade. Can’t leave out my best friend in my biggest case yet. After all, Jade’s a genius with… pretty much everything, as far as I know. Now, how to reach them…
Doug: “Ah! What are those infernal vibrations coming from my pocket? Oh, right… that *woof* cell phone Jade got me.”
Doug: “*sigh* Sherlock Holmes never needed a *woof* handheld computer to solve crimes.”
Doug: “Hello?”
???: “Did you hear what happened to Norm? It is really too bad, but I believe this could turn out to be a pretty great case for you.”
Doug: This is Jade Heimdall. While I’ve been off gallivanting as an awesome detective, they’ve gone the more usual route since high school and went to college.
Doug: What isn’t so usual, though, is just how smart they are. Jade’s been getting degrees left and right as far as I can tell, and they’ve shown no signs of stopping.
Doug: Despite all this work, they’ve still found the time to help me out a bunch. They’d never admit to it, but Jade’s been a really good friend and loves helping me out with my cases. We are Doug and Jade… The best detective duo ever!
Doug: “Yeah! You won’t believe it! The chief just came in and asked me if I could help out with the case. It’s so cool!”
Jade: “It’s very kind of her to give you such a vital case like this. I know you always get so excited over these things, but I think we have a chance to truly make a difference this time. Let us be sure put everything we’ve got into this case.”
Doug: “Of course! Can you meet me at the crime scene?”
Jade: “Indeed I can, but it may be a while. I’m fairly busy today. It’s at Norm’s house, correct?”
Doug: “Yup, that’s what the chief said.”
Jade: “Alright. I’ll meet you there as soon as I can. Goodbye.”
Doug: “See you there, Jade.”
Doug: Now, time to head over to Norm’s and start cracking this case.
